[Music]
Sindhi Suzanne Hauser was killed today
in a motor vehicle accident 17 years old
and ready to graduate from Thousand Oaks
High School her life was cut short by a
drunk driver
Cindy was an upbeat girl that enjoyed
life had a great laugh and a wonderful
sense of humor she's survived by her
parents her sister Michelle her brother
Benjamin and her dog Tom
Tyler Kristian vas 16 years old and a
junior at Thousand Oaks High School was
killed today November 3 2006
Tyler was on his way to school
travelling in the car with friends when
they were struck by a drunk driver in an
instant our lives have changed forever
we will never forget the little boy who
captured our hearts we never let go here
in God's hands now until we meet again
[Music]
erica was killed on Thursday November
30th 2006 when her car was hit head-on
by a drunk Motors due to her premature
death her promising future will never be
known
[Music]
[Applause]
where
[Music]
Oh
saving pennies for the rainy day scared
[Music]
since some trouble
come on
Oh
[Music]
scared
try
well
Oh
I don't know
[Music]
I don't even try
you
[Music]
[Applause]
I like my
[Music]
[Applause]
scared
[Music]
[Applause]
hey that's Brian
I love energy all right now I just
they just killed two people all the time
isn't yes serious I don't
[Music]
mr. Lawrence the jury has returned their
verdict they found you guilty it's now
time for your sentence mr. Lawrence
you've now destroyed three families by
taking away their loved ones they'll
never see them again and frankly I don't
think they want to see you again mr.
Lawrence that imposes a fixed sentence
for you to serve in prison of 17 years
eight months
this concludes this matter this courts
in recess